[Music]
hey I'm for Fred Rogers in here
it's a beautiful day in this
neighborhood a beautiful day for a
neighbor would you be mine could you be
mine
please vote you be my neighbor
hello neighbor mr. Rogers I'm here to
interview you it is so nice to meet you
okay whole family mr. Rogers Lloyd
please don't ruin my childhood this
piece will be for an issue about heroes
do you consider yourself a hero we are
trying to get the world positive ways of
dealing with it feelings
yeah like what
there are many things you can do
you can play all the lowest keys on a
piano at the same time
[Music]
you love broken people
like me
sometimes we have to ask for that and
that's okay
the best thing we can do
is to let people know
[Music]
that each one of them is precious
hey mr. Rogers it's a beautiful
neighborhood a beautiful day per
neighbor please won't you me my neighbor
was wonderful
[Music]